Ah, what's the matter with Lord Zuo Consortium?
I met a young man who got in the way at Linhai
I want you to send someone over
I solved him together
Is there anything else to do with him?
It's the end of the month soon
Right at Yuezi Market
Why haven't the documents been robbed yet? Hahaha.
He is relieved to walk
Before, I'll be able to call soon
Better not.
A lot late
Yes Yes Yes Yes
Lin Shao
The master has promised to send experts over
It will definitely arrive in two days.
OK
As long as you can get rid of Chen Hao
I'll be waiting for your good news.
Wait for my stepminister to stare at your benefits
Don't worry, Yue Shao
Hahahahahaha
Please, please let me go
I can give you anything you want.
Money money
My family has a lot of money.
I can have as many as you want.
I beg you to let me go I beg
you
No hahaha no
You get out
Ahhhh!
Uh-huh.
My teacher
Well practiced
Chen Hao, wait for me
Hahahaha